Speed up builds with ccache, host PCH, and trimmed torch headers (#644)
openvdb/fvdb-core: src/CMakeLists.txt

target_link_libraries(fvdb PRIVATE
    ${TORCH_LIBRARIES} tinyply cutlass blosc::blosc dispatch)

# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Precompiled headers (host C++ only)
#
# The fvdb target is a CXX/CUDA mix; nvcc does not support PCH. We scope the
# precompiled headers to CXX via the COMPILE_LANGUAGE generator expression so
# only the .cpp sources benefit. The current PCH set is intentionally small:
# torch/types.h plus a few common C++ standard library headers used across many
# translation units.
#
# Disable with FVDB_DISABLE_PCH=ON for diagnostic builds where you want to see
# precise per-TU header dependencies.
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

> option(FVDB_DISABLE_PCH "Disable precompiled headers for the fvdb target" OFF)

Reviewer: <!-- Issues highlight specific problems with the subject under review. These problems can be user-facing or behind the scenes. It is strongly recommended to pair this comment with a suggestion. If you are not sure if a problem exists or not, consider leaving a question.  -->
**🚩 issue:** ‏‏I find "disable" bool options that default OFF/False to be confusing, because here OFF means PCH is ON. Suggest flipping to positive naming with default on. 

```suggestion
option(FVDB_ENABLE_PCH "Enable precompiled headers for the fvdb target" ON)
```

Author: Yes that's more clear for the user.  I've changed that around and updated the PR description
